I have to tell you I've been making
enquiries with other firms bigger firms
to share some of the cost they all said
no say we don't have it
that's we got PT Nia by the
balls
Janine clear by the balls but nobody's
gonna get rich and less with impendence
on PG&E corporate in San Francisco
claiming PG&E corporate is claiming they
had no way knowing what was going on in
Hinkley oh they knew they had to know
who showed the document approval but
they didn't know it if they didn't know
we can't hit them with punitive damages
and with punitive damages we're talking
about a sum of money that can actually
have some effect on these these people's
lives so what do we do now um let's
assume there are or documents connecting
PG&E Hinkley with PG&E corporate and
they know these documents exist we take
our four hundred so plaintiffs and
everything you've dug up we file a
lawsuit to provoke a reaction see if
they offer a reasonable settlement or
just throw more paper on us well that
sounds great let's do that there's a
downside at PG&E will submit a demur a
list of reasons attacking each complaint
claiming that each cause of action has
no merit and if the judge agrees with
them you'll dismiss our case PG&E will
have no reason to settle then it's all
over
so basically it all comes down to what
this one judge decides basically yeah
Jesus
[Music]
you